# Meeting:  Monday 01 JULY 2024 12:00UTC

## Attendees

**Present:**  renato,  joshua, nicoletta, yassir, beatriz, gabriel  
**Regrets:**  victor, simon, joaquin  
**Chair:**   renato    
**Scribe:**   renato  

## Link to previous meeting notes

[Meeting Notes 03 JUNE 2024](meeting-2024-06-03.md)

## Agenda + Notes

#### 1. Working Drafts   

#### 1.1 [ODRL Profile Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-bp/)
Owner: Renato  
Status: Final Review  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Profile+Best+Practices%22)  
Notes:  
- Section 4.11 accepted update
- Endorsed as FINAL version
- Publish on CG Website [renato]


#### 1.2 [ODRL Implementation Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/bp/)
Owner: Victor  
Status: Early Review  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Implementation+Best+Practices%22)  
Notes:
 - Add some examples to github issues [josuha]
 

#### 1.3 [ODRL Data Spaces Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-bigdata/)
Owner: Joaquin  
Status: Under Development  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Big+Data%22)  
Notes:
 - No Report


#### 1.4 [ODRL Temporal Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-temporal/)
Owner: Ben  
Status: Close to Review  
Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Temporal+Profile%22)  
Notes:
 - No Report

#### 1.5 [ODRL Formal Semantics](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/formal-semantics/)
Owner: Nicoletta  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Formal+Semantics%22)  
Notes:
- Need a mapping from "State of the World" properties and ODRL concepts
- Review W3C DCAT https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-dcat-3/
- Review W3C Prov https://www.w3.org/TR/prov-primer/
- Setup another subgroup meeting [nicoletta]

#### 1.6 ODRL Community Vocabulary
Owner: Beatriz  
Status: New  
Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Community+Vocabulary%22)   
Notes:
- Will work over "summer" to gather all possible options [beatriz]


#### 2. W3C Business

Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AW3C)  
Notes:
- W3C TPAC Meeting - potential meeting with DPV CG
 - [Beatriz] catch up with Harsh.
- W3C ODRL Specifications 
 - Complete errata [renato]
 
 

#### 2. Any other Business

- Are there any SHACL Shapes for ODRL?
 - [yassir] to review
- Are there examples of more complex ODRL Policies? (yassir)
 - See: https://gitlab.com/gaia-x/data-infrastructure-federation-services/deployment-scenario/workshop-hands-on-odrl/-/blob/main/OdrlDirectory.md
 - (Possible good source of examples for the Implementation Best Practices?)


- Other open Issues:  
- https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/32  
 - Contact Bob Wyman to see any concrete outcomes required [renato]
- https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/18  
 - Check the Licenses page (for broken links) then close issue [renato]
- https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/17   
 - Check the Profiles page (for broken links) then close issue [renato]
- https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/14  
 - Contact Vincent Lizzi to see any concrete outcomes required [renato]
- https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/12
 - Contact Sarven Capadisli to see any concrete outcomes required [renato]

## Next meeting

Date: Monday 02 SEPT 2024 (No August Meeting)

