# Meeting  08 APRIL 2024

## Attendees

**Present:**  
**Regrets:**   
**Chair:**   renato
**Scribe:**   

## Link to previous meeting notes

[Meeting notes 04 March 2024](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-odrl/2024Mar/0009.html)

## Agenda

#### 1. Working Drafts   

| Title | Owner | Issues | Status | Next |
| -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| [ODRL Profile Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-bp/) | Renato | [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Profile+Best+Practices%22)  |Final Review | Approve next meeting |
| [ODRL Implementation Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/bp/) | Victor | [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Implementation+Best+Practices%22)  |Final Review | Approve next meeting |
| [ODRL Profile Big Data](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-bigdata/) | Joaquin | [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Big+Data%22)  |Under Developlment |  |
| [ODRL Temporal Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-temporal/) | Ben | [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Temporal+Profile%22)  |Close to Review|  |
| [ ODRL Formal Semantics](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/formal-semantics//) | Nicoletta | [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Formal+Semantics%22)  |Close to Review|  |
| ODRL Community Vocabulary | Beatriz | [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Community+Vocabulary%22)  |Starting|   .  |

#### 2. Any other Business

## Meeting notes

#### Topic 1

#### Topic 2

## Action  Items

#1 Action

## Next meeting

Date: 06 MAY 2024

Topics to put in the agenda:  
1. Topic 1  
2. Topic 2  
