# Meeting:  Monday 02 DECEMBER 2024 12:00UTC

## Attendees

**Present:**  Renato, Nicoletta, Joshua, Simon, Rui, Gabriel   
**Regrets:** Victor, Beatriz  
**Chair:** Renato      
**Scribe:** Renato

## Link to previous meeting notes

[Meeting Notes 04 NOV 2024](meeting-2024-11-04.md)

## Agenda + Notes

#### 1. Working Drafts   



#### 1.1 [ODRL Implementation Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/bp/)
Owner: Victor  
Status: Early Review  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Implementation+Best+Practices%22)  
Notes:
 - Joshua added more examples
 - Working on some of the github issues next

 
#### 1.2 [ODRL Data Spaces Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-dataspaces/)
Owner: Joaquin  
Status: Under Development  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Data+Spaces%22)  
Notes: 
 - No Updates

#### 1.3 [ODRL Temporal Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-temporal/)
Owner: Ben  
Status: Close to Review  
Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Temporal+Profile%22)  
Notes:
 - No Updates

#### 1.4 [ODRL Formal Semantics](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/formal-semantics/)
Owner: Nicoletta  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Formal+Semantics%22)  
Notes:
 - Organising meeting in Madrid 19 December
 - Submission to ESWC workshop 2025
 - Main goal - solve all the open issues
 - Issue #61 State of the World summarised

 
#### 1.5 [ODRL Community Vocabulary](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/community-vocab/)
Owner: Beatriz  
Status: New  
Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Community+Vocabulary%22)   
Notes: 
 - No Update

#### 2. W3C Business

2.1. General Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AW3C)   
Notes:
 - No actions

2.2 W3C ODRL Model/Vocab Recommendation Errata: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/poe/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AErratumRaised)  
Notes: 
 - Issue# 64 - need for a Refinement class


#### 3. Any other Business

3.0 New member: Rui Zhao - works on the SOLID project.
 Working with Beatriz on using ODRL more formally 

3.1 ODRL Implementations List: https://www.w3.org/community/odrl/implementations/
 - Please add known implementations


3.2 Industry Outreach: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AIndustry) 

- Meeting with Large Bank that uses ODRL
- Needed reference implemetations for Validation and Evaluators
- Needed better ODRL editor UX for creating policies
- Mapped ODRL to REGO languages used in the Open Policy Agent
- Potentially use LLMs for creating Policies ??
- See Joshua's Roadmap: https://github.com/w3c/odrl/wiki/Roadmap-brainstorm
- Think of some Practical deliversbles for 2025

3.3 Schedule of Meetings for 2025
 - Same schedule - First Monday of the Month Noon UTC
 - Except January and August


## Next meeting


Date: Monday 03 FEBRUARY 2025


## Meeting Chat- Shared Links

22:11:23 From Nicoletta Fornara to Everyone:
	https://www.w3.org/community/odrl/implementations/
	
22:13:11 From simonstey to Everyone:
	https://besteves4.github.io/odrl-access-control-profile/oac.html
	
22:13:28 From Joshua Cornejo to Everyone:
	https://solidproject.org/
	
22:13:33 From simonstey to Everyone:
	https://solidproject.org/TR/wac
	
22:13:56 From Nicoletta Fornara to Everyone:
	https://www.w3.org/groups/cg/solid/
	
22:14:22 From simonstey to Everyone:
	here sarven talks about using ODRL https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/355#issuecomment-1140508784
	
22:16:51 From Joshua Cornejo to Everyone:
	Nicoletta: https://docs.internationaldataspaces.org/ids-knowledgebase/dataspace-protocol
	
22:38:11 From Joshua Cornejo to Everyone:
	https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/64
	
22:42:14 From Joshua Cornejo to Everyone:
	https://github.com/w3c/odrl/wiki/Roadmap-brainstorm
	





