# Meeting:  Monday 09 JUNE 2025 12:00UTC

## Attendees

**Present:**  Nicoletta, Victor, Joushua, Luc√≠a, Yassir, Rui, Joaquin, Andrea 
**Chair:** Nicoletta      
**Scribe:** Nicoletta  
**Regrets:** Simon, Irene

## Link to previous meeting notes

[Meeting Notes 05 JUNE 2025](meeting-2025-05-05.md)

## Agenda + Notes

#### 1. Working Drafts   


#### 1.1 [ODRL Implementation Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/bp/)
Owner: Victor  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Implementation+Best+Practices%22)  
Notes: no news
 
 
#### 1.2 [ODRL Data Spaces Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-dataspaces/)
Owner: Joaquin  
Status: Under Development  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Data+Spaces%22)  
Notes: no news


#### 1.3 [ODRL Formal Semantics](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/formal-semantics/)
Owner: Nicoletta  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Formal+Semantics%22)  
Notes: 
- The ODRL Workshop (https://opal-workshop.github.io/2025/ with 17 participants ) was held on 1 June 2025 and there were 17 participants.
- Next meeting Monday 16 June 2025 12:00 UTC (2 p.m. CEST).
- Some new issues were opened up as a result of the discussion during the workshop.
- The meeting notes on this part are available here: [Monday 9 June 2025](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/blob/master/formal-semantics/meetings/meeting-2025-06-09.md)

 
#### 1.4 [ODRL Community Vocabulary](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/community-vocab/)
Owner: Beatriz  
Status: New  
Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Community+Vocabulary%22)   
Notes: no news


#### 2. W3C Business

2.1. General Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AW3C)   
Notes: TPAC 2025 will take place from 10-14 November 2025, with in-person meetings at the Kobe International Conference Center in
Japan. To request Community Group meetings, a form must be filled before 20 June at the latest.
If you are interested to organize an online meeting with other groups please send an email to Victor and Nicoletta.


2.2 W3C ODRL Model/Vocab Recommendation Errata: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/poe/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AErratumRaised)  
Notes: issue #312 cannot be solved in ODRL 2.2 and it is labelled as an ODRL 3.0 issue.
 
#### 3. ODRL 3.0

Feedback on the following Roadmap brainstorm https://github.com/w3c/odrl/wiki/Roadmap-brainstorm are welcome.
Joshua stressed the importance of working on concrete examples. 
   
#### 4. Any other Business

On 10th of June at 4PM CEST Joshua will do the podcast about ODRL - https://www.linkedin.com/events/7329916854846529536/comments/

Add the review of pull requests in the initial part of the meeting agenda 

## Next meeting

### Monday 07 JULY 2025

