# Meeting:  Monday 05 MAY 2025 12:00UTC

## Attendees

**Present:**  Renato, Andrea, Beatriz, Irene, Simon, Wout, Lucia, Victor, Joshua, Gabriel, Nicoletta, Yassir, Bob, Rui (14 Attendees)   
**Chair:** Renato      
**Scribe:** Renato  
**Regrets:** 

## Link to previous meeting notes

[Meeting Notes 07 APR 2025](meeting-2025-04-07.md)

## Agenda + Notes

#### 1. Working Drafts   


#### 1.1 [ODRL Implementation Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/bp/)
Owner: Victor  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Implementation+Best+Practices%22)  
Notes:
 - Several open issues 
 - Victor and Joshua to review
 

#### 1.2 [ODRL Data Spaces Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-dataspaces/)
Owner: Joaquin  
Status: Under Development  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Data+Spaces%22)  
Notes: 
- No update

#### 1.3 [ODRL Formal Semantics](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/formal-semantics/)
Owner: Nicoletta  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Formal+Semantics%22)  
Notes:
- Meeting last Monday (during blackout!)
- Meeting notes: https://github.com/w3c/odrl/blob/master/formal-semantics/meetings/meeting-2025-04-28.md
- 19 May 2PM next meeting
- "State of the World" ontology - could be reused by other groups
- ODRL Evaluator discussion
 - nice to have a report on the evaluator outcome
 - See SHACL report https://www.w3.org/TR/shacl/#validation-report
 - Evaluator demo: https://woutslabbinck.github.io/ODRL-Evaluator-Demo/  
 
 
#### 1.4 [ODRL Community Vocabulary](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/community-vocab/)
Owner: Beatriz  
Status: New  
Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Community+Vocabulary%22)   
Notes: 
- Update next meeting


#### 2. W3C Business

2.1. General Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AW3C)   
Notes:


2.2 W3C ODRL Model/Vocab Recommendation Errata: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/poe/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AErratumRaised)  
Notes: 

 
2.2 Industry Outreach: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AIndustry)   
Notes:
 
 
#### 3. ODRL 3.0

3.1 Update
- Next Meeting tomorrow 2PM (see invite in email)
- Develop a document that captures the capabilities for ODRL 3.0
- Attract consensus in the CG and external
- Need to be aware of the scope of ODRL 3.0 (eg protocols)

   
#### 4. Any other Business

4.1 Intro for Irene (welcome!) - working on data spaces

4.2 ODRL Workshop: https://opal-workshop.github.io/2025/  
Papers released soon.



## Next meeting

### NOTE NEW DATE: Monday 09 JUNE 2025

