# Meeting:  Monday 07 APRIL 2025 12:00UTC

## Attendees

**Present:**  Wout, Renato, Nicoletta, Joshua, Gabriel, Yassir, Beatriz, Victor, Andrea    
**Chair:** Renato      
**Scribe:** Renato  
**Regrets:** 

## Link to previous meeting notes

[Meeting Notes 03 MAR 2025](meeting-2025-03-03.md)

## Agenda + Notes

#### 1. Working Drafts   


#### 1.1 [ODRL Implementation Best Practices](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/bp/)
Owner: Victor  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Implementation+Best+Practices%22)  
Notes:
- Keep in Open State
- New examples to be added
 

#### 1.2 [ODRL Data Spaces Profile](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/profile-dataspaces/)
Owner: Joaquin  
Status: Under Development  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Data+Spaces%22)  
Notes: 
- Still under development


#### 1.3 [ODRL Formal Semantics](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/formal-semantics/)
Owner: Nicoletta  
Status: In Progress  
Open Issues: [Github](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Formal+Semantics%22)  
Notes:
- Meeting to be organised - 28th April Noon
- Large number of issues to be discussed
- Merged the access control and monitoring tables in one table in the WD

 
#### 1.4 [ODRL Community Vocabulary](https://w3c.github.io/odrl/community-vocab/)
Owner: Beatriz  
Status: New  
Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Community+Vocabulary%22)   
Notes: 
 - Still under development


#### 2. W3C Business

2.1. General Open Issues: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AW3C)   
Notes:
Working documents with W3C DPV community group:
 - https://dev.dpvcg.org/mappings/odrl/
 - https://dev.dpvcg.org/guides/dpv-odrl  

Feedback welcome !!

2.2 W3C ODRL Model/Vocab Recommendation Errata: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/poe/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AErratumRaised)  
Notes: 
 - Two to be updated by W3C Team
 
2.2 Industry Outreach: [Github Issues](https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3AIndustry)   
Notes:
 - No activity
 
#### 3. ODRL 3.0

3.1  Roadmap 2025    https://github.com/w3c/odrl/wiki/Roadmap-brainstorm  
Summary: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-odrl/2025Apr/0001.html  
Notes:
- First meeting today (ony 2 attendees)
- Discussion on some of the new capabilities in the Roadmap
- Process - New capabilities to be added as new Github Issues
- Then moved to wiki page
- Additional meetings proposed - twice a month
- Procedure - number the requirements and use cases
- Define more clearly the goal of the new version
- Separate the ODRL language (semantics) and the operational use of the language (system)
- Important: Current Evaluator semantics is relevant to ODRL 2.2
- Next Meeting: 22nd April 3PM
   
#### 4. Any other Business
- Forthcoming workshop:"ODRL and beyond: practical applications and challenges for policy-base access and usage control." 1-2 June 2025  
https://opal-workshop.github.io/2025/




## Next meeting


Date: Monday 05 MAY 2025

