# Meeting:  Monday 28 April 2025 10:00UTC

## Attendees: 

**Present:**  Nicoletta Fornara, Simon Steyskal, Joshua Cornejo, Wout Slabbinck, Yassir Sellami, Andrea Jesus Cimmino Arriaga, Joaquin Luciano Salvachua Rodriguez, Beatriz Esteves 

**Chair:**   Nicoletta

**Scribe:**  Nicoletta

## Notes

We closed issue #66 on the semantics of count because it is covered by the new issue #107

We discussed issue <a href="https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/61">#61</a> and 
<a href="https://github.com/w3c/odrl/issues/68">#68</a> on the state of the world used as input of the ODRL Evaluator.

The following observations/proposals emerged:










